(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(1996)
(Episode 1)
This way.
Go.
Come with me.
Freeze. We're the police.
Hey.
Don't you think he's overdoing it a bit?
Yes, a little.
On TV, they catch them without using their guns.
You're right. Don't they do that in foreign movies?
Yes. And real detectives...
are too busy to come to these places.
You're right. Se Na's dad must not be busy.
Okay. Who wants to try on these handcuffs?
- Me! - Me!
Isn't it kind of wrong...
to put handcuffs on an innocent person?
You're right.
Hey. Ma Yi Deum. Jang Yoo Mi.
You're just jealous, aren't you?
- We are not. - We are not.
As if.
If you're so bitter, bring your dads too.
That's right. You don't have dads.
Stinks to be you.
Why you...
That hurts! Dad, shoot her.
No fighting.
(Yi Deum's Noodles)
Let's get revenge.
How?
Ask your mom to make you a new dad.
A cop like Se Na's dad.
My mom?
- I take it back. - It's okay.
If kids like us without dads....
don't want to be looked down on,
we have two options.
What?
Do crazy well in school,
or...
become a crazy pretty Miss Korea.
That makes sense. Then I'll become Miss Korea.
Yes, I think you have potential.
Mom!
Where did you hear such bad things?
You always complain about not having a dad.
What? I don't.
Do you want me to lie that I do?
At least you have a mom.
Imagine if a brat like you didn't have a mom either.
I don't have a mom either.
You have your grandmother.
She adores you so much.
Anyway,
you shouldn't whine about what you don't have.
You should be thankful for what you have.
That's how you make progress.
- Breaking news. - Okay.
The court found Chief of Police Cho Gap Soo...
not guilty for sexual torture.
He was accused of wrongful imprisonment...
and sexual torture of female factory workers...
for illegally striking in 1986. The court stated...
there was insufficient evidence of his guilt.
Please give us a statement.
How do you feel?
Will you return to the force?
A dog may bark,
but the train must go its way.
Will you appeal?
What do you think about the decision?
I strongly regret...
that the court listened to the assailant's excuse...
instead of the victim's testimony.
The prosecution will not give in to this result.
We'll prove the hideous crimes...
Cho Gap Soo committed to innocent women.
We'll wait for the victims in hiding...
to make courageous decisions.
Meanwhile, the victim...
that claimed to have been raped by Cho Gap Soo...
left a will complaining about the verdict...
and jumped from the roof to commit suicide.
The victim was a member of the union...
at Hyungjae Factory in 1986.
She participated in a strike...
where she was arrested by the police...
Mom, the knife. Knife!
(Emergency)
- Move out of the way! - Step back.
Move!
There's too much media.
You should discharge tomorrow morning.
What a bother.
Also...
It's regarding the victims.
Will you really sue them for false accusations?
It was hard to get the current verdict.
What if there's a problem?
Listen.
You probably heard, but I passed the bar too.
I didn't become a judge or a prosecutor,
and was recruited by the police instead.
If I end up leaving my post,
I'm an attorney just like you.
Do you understand me?
Yes.
Should I teach you a thing or two as your senior?
If found not guilty, it's a false accusation!
This is basic when it comes to rape cases.
Yes, sir.
I'll proceed with the complaint.
What's the update? Did you find her?
Well... Not yet.
You were found innocent. I think you can rest easy.
When we went to her house 10 years ago to get...
her signature on paper not to sue me,
I saw a cassette.
That's what bothers me.
If she had evidence, why would she stay quiet?
She might have an ulterior motive.
Hey! I hate that medicine.
- No, you need it. - It stings too much.
Hold on. Just a little bit then.
Hold on.
Here I go.
That stings! Be more gentle.
You're such a crybaby.
It's finished.
Ma Yi Deum.
Yes?
Are you jealous of kids who have dads?
Well... I guess...
I am these days.
Then should I...
get married to a handsome man...
and make you a new stepdad?
Why would a handsome man marry you?
The world is not that easy.
You're so rude.
Come on!
Hey.
- Hey, Yi Deum. - What?
Play with me!
I'm reading a book!
Gosh. What are you always studying to become?
- A doctor. - A doctor?
Sure, a doctor. That would be nice.
You can help the sick.
You can go to remote places...
- and volunteer too. - Volunteer?
I'm not going to do that.
I thought you were going to become a doctor.
Yes. I'll become one and earn a lot of money.
All you talk about is money.
People will think your mom is homeless.
I'm not doing this just for myself.
I'm doing this for you.
You don't know anything.
Is that so?
- Gosh, work hard. - Stop it...
Let me live a luxury life thanks to you.
Come here.
Please, stop it.
That hurt.
Why won't you stop?
It still hurts.
(Cho Gap Soo)
We'll prove the hideous crimes...
Cho Gap Soo committed...
to innocent women.
We'll wait for the victims in hiding...
to make courageous decisions.
My friend,
I'm sorry I came so late.
I apologize.
This is the Special Unit.
Am I speaking to Prosecutor Min Ji Sook?
Yes, this is she.
I want to file a report.
Yes, go ahead.
It's regarding Cho Gap Soo.
I have a tape...
where Cho Gap Soo admits...
what he did 10 years ago.
Look who it is.
It's the just prosecutor, Min Ji Sook.
Good morning.
Yes, I slept well very comfortably.
This is why people say...
you shouldn't commit a crime.
You live up to your legend.
You probably forgot...
that the corpse of the victim...
is just below us.
You should have done a better job then.
The trial isn't over yet,
Cho Gap Soo.
Did that woman...
come here on purpose to annoy me?
Well?
(Cho Gap Soo)
Excuse me. One moment, please.
I'm sorry. It's an emergency.
It's Min Ji Sook.
I'm here.
I'll wait for you.
[VIU Ver] E01 Witch's Court "First Encounter"
-= Ruo Xi =-
The trial isn't over yet, Cho Gap Soo.
Mom!
I'm going to the market.
I'll be back by 8am.
Go eat breakfast at Yoo Mi's.
We checked the CCTVs,
but the resolution is bad and it's hard to tell.
I think it was a prank call.
Grandma!
My child, what's the problem?
Mom...
Mom hasn't come home.
- What? - She didn't come home.
Kwak, who runs a diner in Janghyeon-dong,
hasn't come home for 15 days.
The police are under investigation.
Have you seen a woman that looks like this...
walking past here?
Look at it carefully.
- I don't think so. - No.
This is my mom. Please call if you see her.
This is my mom.
This is my mom. Please report it...
(Missing)
- It's okay. - Please...
Excuse me, this is my mom.
(Missing: Kwak Young Shil)
(Kwak Young Shil)
(Missing)
(Yi Deum's Noodles)
(Yoo Mi's Agujjim)
Mom?
Mom.
Mom!
Mom! Mom!
(Seoul, 2017)
Hey, do you have a cigarette?
I quit.
How long are you planning to live?
Gosh, I'm dying. How long has it been?
- Shoot. Oh, no. - We came here...
two days ago at 8am with the arrest.
It's 4am now.
It's been about 4 hours.
That doctor looked like he knew the ins and outs.
But his bank account is empty.
Exactly. Someone claims they paid him,
but we have no proof he received it.
Our warrant will be rejected for sure.
That's why he's still hanging in there.
Exactly my point.
Isn't Ms. Ma amazing?
How did she manage to bring up...
the corruption at the hospital?
I admit she's talented.
She's an ace.
If she succeeds with this case,
will she bypass you and get a promotion?
She won't succeed.
He'll be going to Macau in four hours...
for his honeymoon.
Macau? I'm so jealous.
It's been so long since I had a vacation.
- What did you say? - Hey, why...
You said something about a honeymoon.
Macau?
Macau.
You're dead meat.
Ms. Son.
Lee Do Jin's travel records. Hurry.
Okay.
What was that?
Lee Do Jin. Macau.
Okay.
There's no use denying it.
I can't get anything. What should I do?
I told you...
to wait until we had solid evidence.
Who arrested him without anything?
Where's Ma Yi Deum?
Hey, Ma.
What will you do about this?
He won't say anything.
We're going to look like complete idiots.
I'll take care of it.
What, punk?
Why that...
Let me head to the airport, will you?
I need to get there...
three hours before an international flight.
You seem to like to travel.
Why? Is that a problem too?
Which of your trips abroad did you like best?
What are you trying to do?
I got curious, so I looked into it.
Last January, Hong Kong, Macau.
Last May, Hong Kong, Macau.
Last July, Hong Kong, Macau.
You must love Macau.
I checked where you like to go domestically,
and it was Jeongseon, Gangwon-do..
There's a picture...
that you took there that was nice.
I went to just watch.
And don't touch Mee Jin.
Your fiancee isn't the one you should worry about.
Do you know where I was before coming here?
Special Unit, Chuncheon District Office.
Wasn't she in the Criminal Trial Unit?
She's using her skills again.
I saw tons of jerks like you when I was there.
Want to make a bet?
Whether or not I find out which gambling houses...
you went to, what you played and borrowed,
Do you want to?
What should we do?
If we tack on illegal gambling...
on top of illegal medical equipment,
you'll lose your medical license.
Will you give us a list of names and get just one,
or will you deny it and get two?
Of course, it's better for me if you get two.
My review is coming up.
How generous will you be if I give you the list?
- We've got him. - Good work, sir.
Good job, kid.
It has been found that certain people...
have received unnecessary shoulder surgery...
to avoid mandatory military service.
Among them were celebrities,
athletes, and children of high officials,
which has caused a stir.
We'll give you more details soon...
after the briefing by the Prosecutor's Office.
We will pursue the harshest punishment.
That ends the briefing.
Finished!
There's a ton of reporters here.
Are you going out like that?
Eye guck.
Oh no. Dark circles. Darn it.
Tap tap... Tap tap...
Ms. Ma?
When did that happen?
Forget it.
- How do I look? - Perfect.
They performed shoulder surgery...
on perfectly healthy shoulders,
issued false diagnoses,
and received 300,000 dollars in exchange.
I found out what they were doing.
I caught him when he tried to flee the country.
I'm the one who got him to confess! Me!
So? What could we do?
Mr. Oh flipped out about a woman who never went...
to the army giving the briefing.
He sees me as a woman only at times like these!
Let Woo have this one. He's more senior too.
Senior, my foot.
We believe there are more people involved...
and plan to investigate further.
I heard there was an important informant...
that played a big role in getting the list.
Who was that informant?
Please tell us how you were able to get the list.
That's not important.
As the prosecutor in charge of the case,
I think we should discuss that matter.
Sir.
Hello.
I'm Ma Yi Deum,
a prosecutor with Criminal Unit 2.
It was not an informant, but the suspect's fiancee.
She appealed to her future husband,
and his conscience was moved.
We were able to use that to get the list of names.
We caught the suspect trying to leave...
the country using his wedding as an excuse.
I understand it stinks, but let Woo have this one.
He's more senior too.
I'm sorry.
Isn't this that doctor?
Who's the woman?
I can't tell you right now.
An informant?
Please ask during the briefing.
We hope this will help prevent...
improper avoidance of military service.
Once again, I am Ma Yi Deum.
That concludes the briefing.
Good job, Mr. Oh.
Thank you.
So you're Ma Yi Deum.
I hear you're good at your job.
Yes, sir. I'm kind of good.
I'll do even better going forward.
My love for you
Is unconditional
Is extra special
I'll cross the Pacific, I'll cross the Atlantic
I'll cross the Indian Ocean
If you call me, I'll run to you
I'll run right to you
Thank you, Mr. Oh.
- She's good. - Look at her.
She's awesome.
Hey, Ma.
Stop singing,
and come here.
You're the only woman on our team.
I want our only woman to pour me a drink.
Of course. The only woman is coming.
This is my go-to song. I'll go after this.
Excuse me. Hello.
The beautiful reporter, Ms. Han.
Here.
When will you disclose the list to the public?
Help me get an exclusive.
I'll help you all the way.
Well...
Jaeil News' reporter got an exclusive before,
so I was almost fired, you know.
Word among reporters is that you had his back.
I don't remember.
Please don't be like that.
Can you at least give me the initials?
For free?
Really?
Then how about a love shot?
Forget that.
Ms. Han. Why are you so stiff?
If you want an exclusive, you need to provide...
some intimacy with the informant.
Stop, sir.
Stop.
Excuse me.
Please stop.
I should chop off his hand.
Come on.
Please.
Excuse me.
- Come on. - Oh, my gosh.
- Mr. Oh, you're drunk. - What?
- Please. - Hey.
Stop it.
Stop what?
Stop.
Stop it.
You should've been careful.
Come on.
- Careful. - Hey.
Careful.
- Hey. - You get in first.
- Goodbye. - That hurts.
That hurts.
- Good night. - Good night.
Get home safely.
I'm so tired.
He's wasted.
He fell down the stairs hard.
He didn't fall. He was kicked.
What?
I'm going home.
Sober up.
Eight floor.
Excuse me.
Aren't you going to press it?
Pardon?
What floor are you going to?
The eighth floor.
I'm sure you are.
Seriously. This is a night filled with perverts.
Pardon?
Pardon what?
I'm talking about you.
- Why is that? - I knew you were weird.
You waited over there, but once I pressed this,
you got in after me.
I didn't know that one was for odd floors.
What about this?
I live on the eighth floor.
Good. Let's go then.
I'll report you if you're lying.
Excuse me.
Don't you think you're going overboard?
Exactly. So go.
Look at that sweat on your back.
Just confess.
Where are you going? That's my place...
Happy?
So embarrassing.
Seriously.
This is that rat Mr. Oh's fault.
I'm so humiliated. Oh my gosh.
What do I do?
That reporter...
No.
It's not my business.
It's not your business, Yi Deum.
(2 weeks later)
(Subpoena)
What's this?
Ms. Son. What's this?
It really came.
- What is it? - Joonga News' Ms. Han.
She reported Mr. Oh for sexual harassment.
Who's the prosecutor on the case?
I'm sure he's one of Mr. Oh's people.
No. I think Mr. Oh is going to get it this time.
The person in charge of this case...
is Mr. Kim from Criminal Unit 8.
The one whose promotion Mr. Oh took.
And the investigator is supposed to be awesome.
You punk.
This rat.
Don't you touch girls when you're drunk?
Hey.
If this is sexual harassment,
every man in Korea needs to be locked up!
Punk.
What's that psycho's name?
Yeo... Something.
Yeo?
(Prosecutor Yeo Jin Wook)
What? He looks normal for a psycho.
It's you, isn't it?
The other day in that elevator.
You do seem vaguely familiar, but no.
I'll begin.
You're a busy person, so I'll be quick.
I hate getting involved in other people's matters.
It isn't "other people's matters" if you saw it.
Can you hear what I'm thinking?
It's written on your face.
I don't remember...
what happened that day.
I was wasted.
I can't remember random parts of the night.
Ms. Ma. Do you know something?
Witnesses to a crime...
often suffer similarly as the victims.
At the elevator,
I was carrying a plastic bag with water in it.
I was wearing trainers and slippers.
It was obvious...
that I lived there.
But what did you say as soon as you saw me?
Seriously. This is a night filled with perverts.
That night,
you probably saw Mr. Oh sexually harass Ms. Han.
You saw it clearly.
You couldn't have liked watching that...
happen to a fellow woman.
And sex offenders...
usually have their own patterns.
I'm sure...
you experienced something similar.
Good job, kid.
Hey, Ma. You're the only woman on our team.
I want our only woman to pour me a drink.
That's why you were much more confrontational...
and overreacted when you saw me. Right?
Please tell me.
You saw, didn't you?
Yes.
No.
- You just said, "Yes." - Me?
No. I said, "No."
I'm done.
I was too drunk, and I can't remember.
Really?
That's awesome.
Okay.
Let's chat later.
Ms. Ma.
Yes?
I just heard something very interesting...
about Mr. Yeo.
He used to be a psychiatrist.
He was top of his class all through law school.
And he scored the highest on the bar exam.
Isn't that incredible?
He was a psychiatrist?
No wonder.
Why?
Did you tell him everything you saw?
Ms. Son.
Do you think tricks he uses on petty offenders...
would work on me?
On me?
Hello? Ma Yi Deum speaking.
Yes, sir.
You saw the deputy at the briefing, right?
Mr. Park is getting promoted to director.
He's considering you and Woo for the last spot...
on the Special Unit for the upcoming assignments.
You've been asking for the Special Unit...
- every time, right? - Yes.
If you handle...
Ms. Han for me,
you may be able to join that unit.
I gave my statement that I don't remember...
to the prosecutor already
That's not enough.
You know the disciplinary hearing is tomorrow.
Beg or threaten Ms. Han.
Get her to drop the charges.
Since you're both women, you'll get through to her.
Take care of Ms. Han,
and let's go up together.
Mom.
Who is it?
Mommy.
Come here.
Drop the charges?
Mr. Oh is impressive.
He got my editor to tell me to drop the charges,
and now he sends a prosecutor to my home?
You saw what he did to me that night.
Aren't you angry as a fellow woman?
He said the same.
That as a fellow woman, I'll get through to you.
A female reporter was sexually harassed...
by an assistant chief prosecutor.
Other female reporters were there too,
so she had a much stronger case than you.
What do you think happened?
The prosecutor on the case delayed investigating,
and eventually stayed the case.
The assistant chief prosecutor is now a chief.
That woman quit,
got treated for depression and is moving...
to Australia or New Zealand.
Be wise, Ms. Han.
You people are incredible.
A 70-year-old man got one year for sexual assault...
for kissing a 7-year-old for being cute.
But that scumbag who hugs a reporter, touches her,
and follows her to the bathroom...
and forcefully kisses her is innocent?
He'll counter with a suit for filing a false claim.
Mr. Oh...
can destroy a reporter without breaking a sweat.
How dare you threaten me?
Hit me.
What?
Pretend I'm Mr. Oh. Let it out and hit me.
You're incredible.
Do you want to succeed this badly?
I don't care what you say. Drop the charges.
That's the only way you and I can survive.
Mr. Oh will never apologize.
Either you lose a year later or you drop it now.
The result will be the same.
Hit me.
Three dollars, please.
Thank you.
Oh my gosh.
- No. - Wait!
- Sir. - Good.
I'll open your door.
Please look kindly on Woo.
I'm closing the door. Be careful.
Get home safely.
Let's go.
- Thank you. - Sure.
- Let's go. - Let's go!
- Thank you. - It's a done deal.
(Supreme Prosecutors' Office)
I was drunk, so I don't remember,
but I apologize if Ms. Han felt uncomfortable.
However, please know that I didn't kiss her...
against her will or anything like that.
Ms. Han.
Mr. Oh apologized, so let's end it here.
- What? - That's right.
We'll have to keep seeing each other.
Don't be mad, and let's get along.
That is not right.
What, punk?
We have clear proof of Mr. Oh's sexual assault.
Please consider these in making your decision.
Yeo Jin Wook.
This is a disciplinary hearing, not a trial.
We aren't here to argue what's wrong or right.
Sir...
I'm Ma Yi Deum.
I will testify as to what happened that day.
Okay.
Tell them everything that happened.
Yes, sir!
Ms. Han entered the room around 11:30pm.
She came to ask about the list of offenders.
She sat next to Mr. Oh and questioned him about it.
Mr. Oh touched Ms. Han's thigh three times,
rubbed her shoulders twice,
and hugged her against her will once.
Ms. Han was uncomfortable with his conduct,
and fled to the bathroom at 12:10am.
Mr. Oh followed her,
shoved her up against the wall, and kissed her.
I also saw Ms. Han stomp on his left foot...
with her heel.
What are you doing?
Stop that.
This is evidence of what happened.
You told me to settle this case...
and join the Special Unit together, right?
Considering the two years that I worked for you,
if you apologize sincerely to Ms. Han now,
I'll keep quiet about that.
What will you do, sir?
- Are you insane? - You lied to me.
- What? - I was tempted at first.
But I started to doubt whether you,
who hated me for two years would take me with you...
to the Special Unit.
And coincidentally, as I left Ms. Han's apartment,
I saw you and Woo with the deputy... No.
I saw you two kiss up to Director Park.
I looked into it,
and it was contrary to what you promised me.
Is that why...
I can't bring you success, but I can ruin you.
I can't get into the Special Unit anyway.
You shouldn't either! That's only fair!
Why you...
Oops. Sorry.
Since I'm sorry anyway, let me add on rudeness.
What?
Hey, you. Oh Soo Chul.
Don't touch me.
Do you know why I always sing at our outings?
You touch me whenever I sit next to you.
And stop blowing air into my ear, pretending like...
you're saying something important when it's not!
I'm not a balloon!
Seriously.
- Why you little... - That's right.
At my first team dinner,
you grabbed my face...
and kissed me, saying I was like a daughter.
I should press charges for sexual harassment too.
I'm leaving.
Ms. Oh is dropping the charges.
And she thanks you...
for what you did at the disciplinary hearing.
I see. Okay.
Ms. Ma.
I see...
that you're a very good person.
And?
Well...
Let's meet under better circumstances next time.
That won't happen.
Let's not meet again.
Congratulations.
You're finally a PWNF.
What's a PWNF?
Prosecutor With No Future.
Says who?
I haven't given up on my future.
Sure.
A person needs to have hope.
I'll do that later.
I'm packing my things.
I'll end up where you go, so I'm packing in advance.
Chicken and beer tonight?
Yes!
(New email)
(Ma Yi Deum: Crimes Against Girls Unit)
Ms. Son.
What's a Crimes Against Girls Unit?
Oh, CAGU?
Ms. Min Ji Sook started that unit.
Min Ji Sook.
Oh my gosh.
The icon of justice, conviction, and demotion.
The one who passed up promotions for 20 years...
and worked only on sexual assault cases.
But everyone is trying to avoid that unit.
I'm going to lose my mind.
Don't tell me...
you were assigned there?
(Crimes Against Girls Unit)
So we meet here.
(Witch's Court)
You hate being here?
How could I not?
I volunteered.
You volunteered to join the unit everyone avoids.
Are you saying he raped a female teacher?
I won't talk.
Will you submit to it after we get a warrant...
or do it quietly now?
We have to investigate more.
Give me evidence I can see.
Don't make me laugh. I never did that.
There's a new rape case.
Who's the prosecutor in charge?
I refuse to testify.
We should punish the crime and the criminal.
Must we consider the perp's personal life?